# Ideas I got

Created: July 20, 2024 1:29 PM
Status: Notes in Progress

## What is it ?

- everytime I get an Idea I write it down, because it is not the first Idea that succeeds, it is the 77. Idea

## Ideas

1. CV App für Sternbilder, eine Art Planetarium, kleiner Großer Wagen, poseidon, Sternbilder
=> wo die Planeten sind
=> nordstern IDEA 2022
2. General Idea
    1. Build something in a market which is overhelmed by products or services. Make it easy and good strucutred for new people IDEA 2021
3. Build a Plattform to exchange Ideas and Projects. Build Teams and Co create tigether, vote for Ideas Up and down IDEA 2021
4. For Urination of Men, when they stand in front of a toilet, use a surface in the toilet, which shit slides down and when you piss in it it does not reflect the urine, that the toilet is still clean and you easily can wash it IDEA 2022
5. The kissing pillow with great tehcnology, you kiss it and the material gets your form of the lips and your partner has it too. It synchronises your lips to the internet and sends it to the pillow of your partner. Just form the pillow. Then your partner can feel it and sense it. You can also speak through it. with new technology for partners in long distance. IDea 2022
6. Decode the human brain and its language, all the signals, maybe eeg. to know what you dream, export the image files that gets generated and in the morning you can see what you have dreamed, FMRI IDEA 2022
7. Cinema movie with no trailer, only catchy title and marketing and pictures ⇒ not like the others ⇒ first black and only sound then me ⇒ explaining a little bit and it will be an interview with the most important live lessons I got ⇒ because I know in Cinema they listen 
8. Mentoring matching or accountability buddy for interests, start with mvp startups
9. Pulver das man in die Luft wird und die Partikel der Luft verändert, Sodas man anders durchschaut und bspw fancy Bilder machen kann oder Dinge sehen kann, wie neon.